I'm not going anywhere until I got me
get it down stop dad please just stop
stop okay this is what they taught you
you went to that place this was allergic
breathe in breathe in slow up breathe in
okay I'm gonna tell you hard okay
breathe Nick bond you breathe on this
deck I don't like breathing foul odors
so no fangs yeah my mouth your mouth
give any slip leave I got it yeah who
need it there you go eat tuna fish for
dinner yeah I'm not a house you know get
out of my mother like a house don't get
never better a jumper let's go my god
well do you think we throw away your
burrito you obviously threw it away you
live alone you threw it away
I'm doing you a now get out get out get
out Wow damn what cred oh I'm my truck
yeah we're white trash you're why crash
oh yeah are you got your goddamn
automobile you don't fucking get it
Michael let's go get out how was how was
an eating trash dad I'd like Matt for
the yummy effect disk this is close to
homeless you're getting for a while
homeless eatin trash no I'm gonna dent
agonising homeless no welcome let's go
hey Dad what yeah you are with you fart
what is his deal dude no we need to make
him feel good medicine he can't live
alone he needs to go to a hospital
looking for it was nasty right I'm sorry
I realized that how you doing now yeah
take your meds
I'm gonna present our project for
haven't you said tomatoes on the floor
you get it Oh enough yeah you dig in you
I'll go water and you want to see me
fall break my fucking leg don't want
anybody getting my cutie mark Danny Boy
go to the bedroom
yeah you ain't your mother then you'll
suck my dick you'll break my foot all
right all right which one you're
breaking your foot of the door